---
title: "Sunny Day"
date: 2020-03-25
---

Welcome to Life with Kavonna!  I live in Indiana and my state is on Day 1 of a "stay-at-home" order due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Although this is an unprecedented time in history, I am making the most of it. I am a wife and mother to two sons, age 15 and 11.  On a typical day, the boys attend school in our district.  At the conclusion of school, our day consists of extracurricular activities, homework, a quick dinner at home, and a rush to get ready for the next day. Unlike many of my fellow state residents, our family began to stay at home on March 16.  Our school district closed on March 13 and the boys were immediately immersed into e-learning. Because e-learning was new to our district, the boys and I worked through this new educational path together. I was forced to be creative with our "school day" to ensure the boys would not fall behind in their studies and have a little fun. Let's just say homeschooling at my house was filled with a lot of laughs.  We were able to enjoy meals together as family throughout the day and discuss topics that were not school-related.  Like many families, we streamed movies and played music to keep us motivated throughout the week.  I'm enjoying our time together as a family because our lifestyle before Covid-19 was so busy!  It's nice to get back to the basics of family life. Time seems to be moving quickly through their childhood years.  I often look at them and wonder "Where has the time gone?"  So, I feel the universe has given me the gift of time with my family.  

According to the academic calendar, we are on Spring Intercession.  Due to the pandemic, we suspended our travel plans.  Today, I'm soaking up the sun on my deck.  Over the past week, there have been cloudy and rainy days.  I'm just happy to finally see the sunshine again. I'm one of those people who has difficulty during the dark, dreary days of winter.  However, this sunny, 52-degree day has me smiling and I'm in the company of my loving family.  One word...HAPPY!
